Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Well. all we got to do is track
down the AWOL killer. Lime.
and everything
will be hunky-dory.
- Oh!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Well. that's bad.
Uh. Lime?
Fix the reactor.
You mean Lime the "AWOL killer?"
Uh. well. I-I mean.
nobody's perfect.
You know. Lime seems
like a pretty convenient
scapegoat. huh?
What are you trying
to say. Purps?
Oh. I think you know. Redsie.
Okay. crewmates.
Let's not forget: MIRA wants us
focused on what's important.
Each other?
BROWN and YELLOW:
Equal pay for equal work?
Finding the killer?
Close. Ore-Plus safety.
Ore-Plus safety. Nice.
Love it.
Red. you stooge!
This is what I'm saying.
It's just like
the time when you...
You know. stooge yourself.
Only one of us
is the head of security
that let two crewmates die.
Uh. what?
SO much fighting.
Do not like it.
I'm the captain.
I'm why you have your job.
So just listen
to what I'm saying
- and do your job.
-I've met
slugmates with more
leadership skills than you.
Well. that's a high bar.
'Cause slugmates do leadership.
uh. very excellently good.
I'm gonna find Lime.
Well. as the only scientist
- with any training
in anything...
-I have a degree.
Flower Crown University
does not count.
Guess I'll go stop the reactor
from blowing us all up.
Ahem. Actually. Black.
as our chief Ore-Plus checker.
please join me
for our mandatory.
daily Ore-Plus check.
We do it daily every day.
Fun!
Yep. got to keep MIRA happy.
Uh. killers are scary.
But losing the job
that gives you
your only source of identity
is even scarier.
In the meantime.
I'll head to the reactor
and give that ol' jalopy
a dollop of sense.
Green. you assist.
-Hmm?
-Mm-hmm.
-Mm-hmm. mm-hmm.
Weapons room.
Aha!
Stew?
What the...
"Pull-pull my... Butt rub"?
What the hell is this?
Oh. damn MIRA cheapskates!
Hey. partners. wait up.
You almost forgot
your favorite gemologist.
How tragic that would have been.
Here we are.
Ore check. let's go!
Ore is money. people.
"Ore-n't" you glad we made it?
That's a little Ore-Plus humor.
Whoa!
the ore check
endangers the ore.
- Good one. Orange.
-Don't worry.
O-Ow. Oh...
"To err is to live."
I saw that on a bumper sticker
I wrote.
Come on. you two--
get to checking.
Whoa. whoa. whoa-oh!
Oh. no! My babies. my Ore-Plus.
My darling. precious. expensive.
corporate Ore-Plus!
Check for cracks.
I'll look close.
You don't have to worry.
I'm a gemologist.
Mm.
Oh. dear.
what will I do with that one?
Hmm. does this job call
for the shungite or rosemary?
It is pretty beautiful.
Rocks from space.
with us. fueling us.
Just. like. scientifically.
MIRA doesn't care
how ore shines.
They only care how it burns.
All right.
Okay. big jug of water.
Yeah. that'll be very helpful.
And-and one of these.
Yeah. I'm crazy?
Ooh-hoo. We'll see.
Alert. Reactor reacting.
Alert.
Reactor reacting.
Don't worry. young buckmate.
I've been on jalopies
like this one
since you were crawling around
in your little-biddy diapies.
As your mentor.
I'll have you know
I started out as a lowly.
disgusting intern.
- just like you.
-Really? Wow!
Yep. all unpaid.
It was the best.
Doing jobs for free.
eating leftover pizza crusts...
You can do that?
Well. as captain.
I can't advise you
to steal company property.
But as a former intern...
it's our little secret.
Aw. jeez. thanks. Cap'n.
I was feeling homesick.
but you make me feel
like I'm back on the worm farm.
You know. the whole town threw
me a surprise Green-themed
goodbye party when I left.
because they really cared.
Sure. we didn't have
the luxury of pizza crusts.
but. oh. boy. did we dance.
And the worms danced.
You know. there's actually this
one dance called the worm...
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
just do what MIRA tells you to.
Green. and you'll be captain
before you know it.
There's a certain Purple who
could stand to heed that advice.
-Did you say "Purple"?
- Shut up.
It's too far.
- I can't reach.
-Oh. Green.
The "two keypad fix"
is only for emergencies.
Come here. come here.
At this setting?
I should just be able
to give this control panel
a good kick.
Inspirito don koo-koh.
deum woalk-ay-noh.
exempli grati geezah-doh.
Inspirito don koo-koh...
Whoa.
Whoa...
I just got dizzy there.
The gut in my bone feels off.
Like we're not alone.
Intellectually speaking. I feel
wildly alone.
You're absolutely sure
there's no cracks?
Unclench. Orange.
The ore is fine.
Unlike our fellow crewmates.
Mm.
Whoa. did you feel that?
Black? Black?
Uh. I have been feeling
some seriously negative vibes
since I got on board.
Do you think these vibes
might be manifesting
all this murderous intent?
Black? Black?
Hey. partner?
Vibes got you too. bud?
Vibes are not facts.
Gemologists are not geologists.
And you are not my partner!
I also have something to do.
In the other direction.
Whoa!
I'm okay.
Don't look at me!
Huh. I wonder
what Cyan had to go do.
Come on. Lime.
you got to be somewhere.
Ah. let's see.
Normal.
Normal. Normal...
Aha!
I've got you now.
Oh. yeah.
That's good. Mwah.
- Mwah. Mwah.
-Definitely mwah.
You in there. Lime?
Come get
a slice of "beat-sa" pie
with extra "murder-nara" sauce!
Oh!
So many bad vibes.
So much death.
Even this pepperoni stick.
I'm wiping my tears
with a dead body!
Sorry to whatever you were.
Beef. pork...
Ah. I don't know!
Oh. no.
Feelings.
Hey. uh...
Y-You've got some...
This area.
There's just a little...
On your. um...
-Better?
-No.
Oh. what's the point?
My partner Black and I are on
completely different
vibrational planes.
All I want
is for them to respect me
as a colleague and also
be my best friend for life.
But. no!
They hate me.
I've never felt more alone.
Not to minimize
your struggle. beef-pork.
I know how you feel.
Come on.
It's freezing in here.
I want to show you something.
I'm stressing. Brown!
And you know when I get
stressed. I cook my feelings.
I hope everybody's hungry for
anguish. terror and depression!
Calm down. Breathe.
Thanks. Brown.
You get me.
Shh.
I like that ditty.
It. well... calms me.
Hi. sweetie!
This is Heracles.
Aw. Hercules.
Heracles.
But I-I like to visit them
when I'm down.
Maybe you can. too.
I always sensed
you had a kind heart.
Aren't petmates
against MIRA rules?
- Because if the captain...
-Heh.
Let's just say the captain
is the one who taught me
that a ship can be a...
a mighty lonely place.
I just...
I-I needed a friend.
- Whoa!
-Well.
now you have two.
Friends.
'Cause I-I'll be one.
- Of your friends.
-Yeah. yeah. I get it.
Hey! Have you been crying
on the meat sticks?
Reactor momentarily stabilized.
Wow. that was
a lot of screaming.
Huh? Aha.
Yes.
Like I planned.
Uh. now I just got to get
some ointment for this toe.
You keep an eye out
for the killer.
Unless it's you.
Aye aye. Cap'n.
And if you see
the killer. get security.
Oh. but it could be Purple.
Jeez. we've really
got to narrow this down.
Kon-ba-wah.
So. to recap...
...use the freezer
to punch baking sheets...
-To make out.
- ...to contemplate existence--
Oh. And have you been
messing with our weird aprons?
Purple!
Lime. in the reactor room
with a weapon!
Ho!
Come on. crewmates!
Let's go!
You. too...
friend.
Lime's in the reactor room
with a weapon!
Aw! I just fixed that.
Time to die.
Orange. watch out!
Not today!
Aah!
Oh! Hey. everybody!
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Keybot. Keybot. Keybot. Keybot.
Chirp.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today